Month: May
Year: 2025

Day 1: SEED OF ABRAHAM
Glory to God! I swim in wealth. I live in abundance. I live above lack and want. I lay down cash as dust. I lend to many nations and do not borrow. I draw from the Abrahamic covenant of greatness. All grace abounds towards me so I make excessive money for charitable donations. Wealth is my inheritance because am a seed of Abraham. Oh Glory to God! Come on! Let's pray in the spirit.

Day 2: DOMINION TO PROSPER
Gloryyyyyyyy! There is dominion in me to subdue every enemy of money. I subdue greed, I subdue all forms of witchcraft, I subdue delay, I subdue frustrations. I am a partaker of the common wealth of Zion so I operate the Zion Currency. I draw from that inexhaustible fountain of wealth. Incredible opportunities abound to me because of my connection to that Source. I receive brilliant ideas to make money. The major currencies of the world responds to my calls in a massive way; dollars, euros, pounds, rands, naira responds to me. Hallelujah! Let's Pray in the Spirit.

Day 3: JOINT HEIR WITH CHRIST
Glory to God! I walk in peace, prosperity, divine health, and affluence. I'm an heir of God and a joint-heir with Christ. The world belongs to me! I live in absolute victory over sickness, disease, and poverty. No weapon of darkness fashioned against me prospers because I live in the Name of Jesus! I've been delivered from sin, sickness and death and catapulted into God's realm of abundant life where I reign victoriously with Christ every day. Hallelujah!! Let's pray in the spirit.

Day 4: CEASELESS CASHFLOW
The angels are ceaselessly working in my favour, bringing in my inheritance. I walk in ceaseless cashflow. Dollars, pounds, euros, rands, and naira are flowing into my accounts. I naturally walk in the light of life, shattering every trace of darkness in my path. I reign in life over and above the elements of this world. They are compelled to work for my good just like that! Glory Hallelujah! This is just me and this is how I roll. Speak in other tongues!

Day 5: TRANSCENDENTAL LIFE
I declare that The crippling elemental principles of this world have nothing in me. I live the transcendental life of heaven on earth, and I have an overcoming power over all the abilities of the devil. The consciousness of my God life is strong with me. I believe in excellence, and I live an excellent life. Joyfully displaying the splendor and perfections of Him who called me out of darkness into His marvelous light. Born of His Spirit and sustained by His Word, God is my Sustenance and my Sufficiency. Oh hallelujah! Begin to pray in the spirit now!

Day 6: LIGHT OF THE WORLD
I Affirm! I am in the Kingdom of light where satan has no chance. With absolute dominion and mastery over sickness, disease and death. Jesus has abolished death and illuminated the way to life and immortality through the Message of life. I refuse to set myself up for disappointments and avoidable embarrassments. My trust is total! Fixed in Christ, I have no confidence in the flesh. Absolutely unstoppable and consistently attracting financial fortunes for my reigning in this life. Wowww! This is my consciousness! Hallelujah let's pray in the spirit now!

Day 7: CONSCIOUSNESS OF WEALTH
I got dominion in me and by the power of the Holy Spirit, I silence all forces, witchcraftcy and manipulations. Because am ordained for the good life and no force can stop me. Am a Money Farm and a huge source of hope for so many. I deliver the oppressed and create a rich path for the poor. Wow!, cash don't stop flowing into my accounts in Super Abundance realms, because am a Money Magnet and through me, the Gospel will spread to the nations. I am wealth conscious and I enjoy the mindset of the Just, so there is no attack and denial in my path. Oh Glory to God! Say what you want folks & let's begin to pray in the spirit.

Day 8: THE END TIME GENERATION
Ohhhhhh glory! I belong to the end-time generation! Pushing the gospel to the very ends of the earth. There is no stumbling and death in my path. It is my time! It is my season! It is my hour! I won't fail because I don't fail! I have found freedom from the elements of this world. Am unstoppable, deliberately subduing every force of darkness and all satanic schemes. Yes! I believe, let's pray in the spirit!

Day 9: UNPRECEDENTED MOVE OF THE SPIRIT
I affirm that I am ready for the incredible harvests and unprecedented Move of the Spirit. I don't belong in this system. Nothing down here can stand me! No force at work here can stop me. My Kingdom is not of this world, am a pilgrim on the earth. Am born to rule, so I reign triumphantly over the elements of this life. Oh glory to God! Let's pray in the spirit now.

Day 10: HIS LIVING TABERNACLE
I affirm! Now! my body has become the house of the Holy Spirit. My body is His living tabernacle. Therefore, no sickness or infirmity will house in my body. I refuse to accommodate disease, sickness and infirmities. I have refused to stop talking, holding fast the confession of my faith without wavering for faithful is He that said it, Who also will keep it. Filled with the Holy Spirit, I am made for life: walking in the path of life, riches, glory and excellence. Ohhh come on let's speak in other tongues!!

Day 11: BORN OF THE WORD
Glory! I know who I am. I am born of the Word. I live by the Word. I live in the Name of Jesus. Therefore failure, defeat, sickness, disease and death don't function in my blood. They don't work with my system. I am naturally indestructible and I have overcome this world with all its rules. I don't walk in confusion. I don't fail and I don't lose heart. Hallelujah! I fight in the Spirit, plots, conspiracy, resentments, hatred and lies don't stop me. Hallelujah hallelujah let's pray in the spirit!

Day 12: DEATH IS A CHOICE
I am ageless and deathless. Death is a choice and I have consciously chosen not to die because eternal life is at work in my body now. By the authority of Jesus, I destructively march on sicknesses, infirmities, accidents, failure and death. This is just me! Hallelujah! I pray in the Spirit! I sing in the Spirit! I make money in the Spirit and I walk in the Spirit. He lives in me! He walks in me! He speaks in me! And He reigns in every bone of my flesh! In every cell of my blood, in every organ of my body and in every fibre of my being. Heeyaaaa!!! Please let's begin to pray in other tongues.

Day 13: PART OF THE BELIEVE GENERATION
I Affirm; Having mastered defeat, I am productive and fruitful in every good work. I don't think lack, infirmities, failure and weakness. I belong to the believe generation, with a mentality that believe and affirms. I just win all the time. Deliberately demonstrating the character of the Spirit. In all this things, I live victoriously, deliberately and consciously! And through it all, I have learnt to depend upon His Word. Yeeeeeessssss! Hallelujah come on let's speak in tongues.

Day 14: I LIVE MY BELIEVE
Ohh Glory! I believe in miracles. I believe in mega, consistent and constant cashflow. I believe in agelessness. I believe in deathlessness. I live the Godlife, ageless and deathless. This is simply my consciousness folks and this is how I roll. Hallelujah Blessed be God!! Please pray in other tongues.

Day 15: FULL OF ETERNITY
Hallelujah! I am reigning through life with the perpetual consciousness of my ageless and deathless life. Eternity is mightily at work in me so I don't just get defeated. Full of riches, joy, grace and reality. Failure, sickness, poverty and death are all under my feet. I declare! I'm Loaded with Divine energy, am not moved by the things happening in this dark world, for in all these things am more than conqueror. Oh Gloryyyyyy! Let's now begin to pray fervently in spirit.

Day 16: I'M READY TO SHAKE THIS WORLD
Everything in life is subject to me because I am seated with Christ in heavenly places. I have conquered defeat, failure, fear, greed and timidity. Having mastered lack, money responds to me ceaselessly and am laying up cash as dust. Ready to shake the world with the message of life and by the Power of the Holy Ghost. Heeeeeeyyyyyy!!! Glory to God, Let's Pray in the Spirit.

Day 17: GOD'S RIGHTEOUSNESS
I affirm that I produce fruits of righteousness because am spotlessly created in righteousness and pure holiness. I am a person of class, excellence, dignity and dominion. Joint heir with Christ, I just reign in life, every time, everywhere and in all situations! Folks, make no mistakes about this: we will shake this world by the Power of the Holy Ghost! This is just me folks! Hallelujah Let's pray in the spirit!

Day 18: MY YEAR IS CROWNED
With my eyes fixed on 2025 and the New Decade, my year is crowned with goodness and my path drops fatness. Am so oooo blessed and my paths are flooded with ceaseless cashflow. I am born of an incorruptible Seed with an incorruptible life. I am God-kind: Fearless, Ageless, Deathless and Wantless! What a life!! Hallelujah! Please Let's Speak in other tongues!

Day 19: THE PERFECT WILL OF GOD
I live in the name of Jesus! every elements of this world are naturally submitting to me. I reign and subdue circumstances in this Name. I have the authority in this Name to reject anything that's not of God and I endorse only that which is consistent with God's perfect will for me. Glory! Glory! Glory! Being born again, I am born of the Spirit! So I am a Spirit! I have the Spirit life! I live the Spirit life! I don't get trapped! I don't get enchanted and I don't get defeated. Oh hallelujah hallelujah let's pray in the spirit…

Day 20: LIVING A GLORIFIED LIFE
Glory Hallelujah!!! I'm reigning in life with a perpetual consciousness of my ageless and deathless life. Being born again, I'm called into glory so I live a glorified life. Eternity is mightily at work in me so I'm manifesting the Spirit life with stunning consistency. I move in the Spirit! I talk in the Spirit! I pray in the Spirit! I sing in the Spirit! I live in the Spirit! I walk in the Spirit! I see in the Spirit! I know in the Spirit! I make money in the Spirit! I give in the Spirit! I receive in the Spirit! I fight in the Spirit! I reign in the Spirit! I worship in the Spirit! I serve in the Spirit and I rejoice in the Spirit! Hallelujah! Hallelujah hallelujah! Let's pray in the spirit.

Day 21: I LIVE IN TIMELESSNESS
Eternal life is the life with agelessness. When I received it, I passed from death to life, from time into timelessness, from age into agelessness, from lack to no lack zone, and from human life to God life. In Christ, I just grow; I don't age. Hallelujah! I am a wild praiser, joyfully praising my God and just winning, winning and winning everytime, everywhere and in all circumstances. I have crucified the flesh with its passion and desires. Yes yes yes! Come on let's pray in the spirit.

Day 22: I REFUSE ALL NEGATIVITIES
I have refused to live a defeated life. I have refused to live broke. I have refused to live sick. I have refused to murmur. I have refused to fear. I have refused to live in the dark and I have refused to die. I have found my way. My path is flooded with lights and it drops with mega and consistent cashflows. I am an aroma of life and aroma of death! Aroma of death to those who are perishing and aroma of life to those who are being saved. You don't expect me to live a normal life because am not normal! You don't want me go through that mess because am not human. Gloryyyyyyyy! Let's begin pray in the Spirit.

Day 23: I AM DIVINE
I walk in the revelation of these things. I'm not human, I'm a Spirit and I am divine. Therefore, the crippling elemental principles of this world have nothing in me. What a life! What a life I have in Christ! Hallelujah! This is just me folks and this is how I roll! Immortality is mightily at work in me. It's in every fibre of my being. I live above destruction and triumphantly over failures, lack, disease and infirmities. It's manifestation times and I don't get stopped! Hallelujah hallelujah! Glory to God! Please Speak in other tongues now!

Day 24: BRANDED RIGHTEOUS
Hallelujah! I'm a New Creation, created in righteousness and true holiness. This is the divine definition of me. I have subdued death, darkness, and low life! I don't die! I just live, folks! I am so wild with the confession and profession of my faith. The days of the flesh are over. These are the days of the Spirit! So I am Spirit conscious and being a life giving Spirit, I am fearless, ageless, deathless, wantless and boundless! Oh Hallelujah! Glory to God! Let's pray in the spirit!!

Day 25: ABOVE SATANIC SCHEMES
My righteousness-consciousness eliminates guilt, condemnation or inferiority, and has placed me above Satan and his accusations. I have consciously separated myself from the crippling and failing systems of this world. With my seeds, I lay up gold as dust, cut out for the good life and massively blessing lives all over the world! Let's Begin to Pray in the Spirit!

Day 26: MY CONFIDENCE
Oh Gloryyyyyy!! Seated in heavenly places, I got the boldness and confidence to pray to God and receive answers. I am unafraid and unashamed before God, as I now have peace with Him through my Lord Jesus Christ. I am walking on gold because I hail from Zion, the land of gold. And being the seed of Abraham, am not moved by what I see. Oh glory let's begin to pray in the spirit.

Day 27: DAYS OF THE SPIRIT IS HERE!
Oh Gloryyyyyy!! Seated in heavenly places, I got the boldness and confidence to pray to God and receive answers. I am unafraid and unashamed before God, as I now have peace with Him through my Lord Jesus Christ. I am God's masterpiece, on a mission to reign in this life. I reign over failures, frustrations, manipulations, hatred and over every elements of this world. One with Christ, I naturally subdue contrary forces and every wicked plots, spiritual or temporal. Oh glory let's begin to pray in the spirit.

Day 28: MY PERPETUAL CONSCIOUSNESS
I affirm! As we wrap up the age with the message of life, I am committed to networking the world with the Spirit Life and Angels of money are ceaselessly causing so much cash to flow my way. I am perpetually conscious of my dominion over the elements of this world. Praise God! Let's begin to pray in the spirit!

Day 29: LIVING IN DOMINION
I affirm! As we wrap up the age with the message of life, I am committed to networking the world with the Spirit Life and Angels of money are ceaselessly causing so much cash to flow my way. I am perpetually conscious of my dominion over the elements of this world. My eyes are fixed on the world, I am bound in life to help them with the message of life. I rule over demons and over all the cohorts of hell. I have eternally separated myself from lack and corrupting systems of this world. Praise God! Let's begin to pray in the spirit!

Day 30: BORN OF GOD
In the Name of Jesus, I have overcome this world, sin, and the devil because I am born of God. When God gives birth, He can only reproduce after His kind. So I am God Kind. Being a life giving Spirit, I am Immortal and have completely refused to die. I display the perfections of Him Who called me out of darkness into His marvelous light. Glory to God!!, let's pray in the spirit.

Day 31: SICKNESS IS UNDER MY FEET
In the Name of Jesus I have overcome this world, sin and the devil because am born of God. When God gives birth, He can only reproduce after His kind. So I am God Kind. I have mastered low life, disease and sicknesses. So I don't get sick, I don't get broke and I don't lose. I am so set for cash explosions because I'm committed in life to network the world and bring all men into the Spirit life. Glory Glory Glory!! Glory to God!! let's pray in the spirit.
